Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call
April 28, 2026
Page 1 of 13
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Maruti Suzuki India Limited Q4 FY '26
Earnings Conference Call. All participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your
touchtone phone.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Pranav Ambaprasad: Thank you, Dorwin. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon once again. Welcome you all to Q4
FY '26 Earnings Call. May I introduce you to the management team from Maruti Suzuki. Today,
we have with us our Chief Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Rahul Bharti; and CFO, Mr. Arnab
Roy. Before we begin, may I remind you of the Safe Harbor. We may be making some forward-
looking statements that have to be understood in conjunction with the uncertainty and the risks
that company faces.
I'd also like to inform you that the call is being recorded, and the audio recording and the
transcript will be available at our website. Please note that in case of any inadvertent error during
this live audio call, the transcript will be provided with the corrected information.
The con call will begin with a brief statement on the performance and outlook of our business
by CIRO and Senior Executive Officer, Corporate Affairs, Mr. Rahul Bharti, after which we'll
be happy to receive your questions.
I would now like to invite our Chief Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Rahul Bharti. Over to you,
sir.
Rahul Bharti: Thanks Pranav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. Before I
come to the company's financial performance, I would like to briefly share our perspective on
the passenger vehicle industry during the financial year '25-26 and Maruti Suzuki's operating
performance in this environment. You would be aware, financial year '25-26 was a year of 2
distinct halves for the Indian PV industry.
In the first half of the fiscal, the passenger vehicle market declined by about 0.4% year-on-year,
reflecting affordability pressures, particularly in the small car segment. However, in the second
half of the year, led by the government's GST reform, the industry witnessed a sharp turnaround
with the passenger vehicle market growing by a whopping 16.7% year-on-year. This rebound
was clearly led by the small car segment, particularly vehicles in the 18% GST bracket, where
reduction in acquisition cost helped revive demand.
For Maruti Suzuki, the rebound in the domestic market was even stronger than the industry.
While our domestic sales declined by 5.6% in the first half of the fiscal year, the sales volume
grew by 12.3% in the second half of the year, generating a swing of about 17.9%.
Our domestic sales volume growth during the year was constrained by production capacity. As
of the end of the fiscal year, around 190,000 customer orders remained unserved, and we are
trying to service them fast, highlighting the strength of the underlying demand. Importantly, near
130,000 of these pending orders were in the small car segment, falling in the 18% GST bracket.
Page | 2
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
In addition, the dealer inventory was at a low of about 12 days’ stock. Notably, even in a market
largely driven by SUVs, the top-selling passenger vehicle in financial year ‘25-26 was the Dzire,
which is a sedan placed within the 18% GST bracket.
During the second half, we observed higher showroom traction from two-wheeler upgraders, as
well as an increase in first-time buyers. While rural markets continued to perform well during
the entire year, the urban markets also recovered and posted a growth post the GST reform.
Alongside the recovery in small cars, Maruti Suzuki also strengthened its performance in the
mid-SUV segment during the year. And towards this, the launch of the VICTORIS played an
important role. The VICTORIS has seen strong customer acceptance and is the fastest model in
mid-SUV to cross 50,000 cumulative sales. It is no wonder that the VICTORIS got the Indian
Car of the Year Award, where 19 prominent auto publications form a jury and jointly vote for
the best car in the country.
While GST reforms supported the revival of entry-level demand, the VICTORIS contributed
meaningfully to our volume growth in the mid-SUV segment, enabling us to participate more
competitively in one of the fastest-growing segments of industry.
In addition, during the year, we also launched our first battery electric vehicle, the e VITARA.
The e VITARA represents Maruti Suzuki's first fully electric SUV developed on a fresh
dedicated platform and designed for Indian and about 100 global markets. Happy to share that
the initial response has been quite encouraging, and the model strengthens our preparedness for
the gradual transition towards electric mobility, while we continue to follow a balanced multi-
powertrain technology pathway for reducing fleet carbon emissions.
Alongside the domestic market, exports remained an important growth driver during the year.
Exports volume grew strongly in the financial year ’25-26, reinforcing Maruti Suzuki's position
as the leading exporter of passenger vehicles supported by a diversified presence across global
markets. Investors will be very happy to note that your company, just one company among 18
car manufacturers in India, alone contributed 49% share of India's total passenger vehicle exports
in the financial year.
At the same time, in financial year ’25-26, the operating environment for the automobile industry
remained complex. You are aware, during the year, geopolitical developments such as supply
issues in rare earth metals, the conflict involving the West Asia region, posed risk to supply
chains, particularly energy, certain raw materials and logistics. These developments increased
uncertainty for the industry and required greater focus on business continuity.
The company has been working very closely with its supply chain and logistic partners to ensure
continuity of operations and mitigate potential disruptions. We have strengthened coordination
across critical suppliers and enhanced contingency planning. However, the situation does remain
dynamic and cost pressures do persist. We continue to closely monitor developments and
respond as required.
Despite the uncertainties posed by the ongoing geopolitical tensions, the company maintains
strong confidence in the resilience of India's economy. While acknowledging that war-related
Page | 3
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
challenges may impact the business environment in the short term, the company believes these
disruptions are temporary and will likely subside as circumstances improve.
Importantly, the recent GST reduction is seen as a transformative factor for the passenger vehicle
sector in India. By lowering taxes, the reform has enhanced affordability, making passenger
vehicles accessible to a broader segment of customers. This, in turn, has set the industry on a
path of sustained long-term structural growth by enlarging the potential customer base.
Consequently, the company is proactively accelerating its capacity expansion efforts to address
the strong demand and fulfill pending orders. The second plant at the Kharkhoda facility and the
fourth production line at the Hansalpur facility in Gujarat is set to become operational within
this financial year. Each of these new units will add an annual production capacity of 250,000
vehicles. To put this in perspective, increasing production capacity by about 0.5 million units in
a single year is virtually unheard of in the passenger vehicle industry, at least in India and many
countries abroad. This bold move is a clear testament to our unwavering confidence and
optimism in the immense growth potential that lies ahead. Besides, the company has put plans
in place to increase the production capacity to 4 million units per annum in the medium term.
Before we move to the financial results, I would like to share the major business highlights for
the company.
In this financial year, the company achieved several significant milestones.
First, the company recorded its highest ever annual sales of 2.42 million vehicles, which includes
the highest ever export of 447,000 vehicles.
Maruti Suzuki has set a new benchmark in the industry by achieving cumulative sales of 3 crores
or 30 million units in the domestic market.
Coming to products, demonstrating its commitment to customer safety, the company is now
offering 6 airbags as standard in almost all of its passenger vehicle product lineup- volumes
going beyond 99% and advanced safety features like Electronic Stability Control, Anti-lock
Braking System with Electronic Brakeforce Distribution as a standard across the entire product
lineup.
On the same lines, the all-new Dzire, the VICTORIS, the e VITARA and the Invicto secured 5-
star Bharat NCAP safety rating, while the Baleno secured a 4-star rating.
Further strengthening the company's robust network of 2,000 exclusive charging points across
our sales and service network spanning across 1,100 cities, we have collaborated with 13 charge
point operators to offer access to a vast charging infrastructure across the country.
Aligned with Suzuki's global vision, we plan to introduce multiple EVs and to support this, our
aim is to enable a network of over 1 lakh charging points across India by 2030, along with our
dealers and charge point operators.
Page | 4
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
For promoting inclusive mobility in mass segment cars, the company launched the WagonR with
an option of a swivel seat. Seemingly a small feature, but extremely customer-friendly, swivel
seat is especially designed to offer greater convenience to senior citizens and persons with
disabilities, bringing the ‘Joy of Mobility’ to them. Drawing inspiration from Suzuki Group's
corporate slogan ‘By Your Side’, this initiative aligns with the United Nations’ Sustainable
Development Goal that aims to reduce inequality.
The company continued to expand its sales and service footprint. During the year, the total sales
outlets increased to over 4,600 and service touch points increased to over 5,900 across the
country.
The company has also set a new benchmark in green logistics by dispatching over 600,000
vehicles through railways in the financial year ’25-26, which is a growth of about 18.5% over
the previous year. Interestingly, in the past decade, Maruti Suzuki's share of rail mode in
outbound logistics has grown exponentially, growing from 5.1% in 2016 to 26.5% in financial
year '25-'26, significantly reducing carbon emissions, the country's oil imports and easing road
congestion.
Now I come to the financial results.
The company recorded its highest ever quarterly sales of 676,209 units, up 11.8% from quarter
4 of the previous financial year. Domestic sales were at 538,994 units and exports at an all-time
high of 137,215 units.
During this period, the company achieved record net sales of about INR 500.79 billion compared
to about INR388.39 billion in the same period a year ago. Operating profit, EBIT for quarter 4
of this year increased by 30.4% over quarter 4 of the previous financial year, reaching an all-
time high of over INR44 billion. Despite the growth in operating profit, net profit declined by
6.9% year-on-year to nearly INR36 billion, primarily due to mark-to-market impact, which my
colleague, Arnab, will explain in his part.
Before coming to explanation of results, I want to reiterate that Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private
Limited, which was our wholly owned subsidiary, in Gujarat got amalgamated with Maruti
Suzuki starting December 1, 2025. The appointed date as per the scheme of amalgamation is 1st
April 2025. And so the financial statements for the relevant periods have been restated for the
purpose of comparison.
Now I'll explain the broad reasons for the financial performance. Since investors look out for a
sequential comparison, I'll give you the analysis on a sequential basis. The overall sales volume
grew by 1.3% and the net sales grew by 5.4%. Sequentially, the operating profit margin EBIT
has expanded to 8.8% of net sales compared to 8.1% in quarter 3 of the financial year.
There were several favourable factors. Lower employee cost of about 100 bps. If you would
recall, in quarter 3, we had a one-time provision on account of new Labour Codes. So comparing
with that, quarter 4 was lower by 100 bps. The discounts were lower by about 50 bps, favourable
foreign exchange movement by 30 bps, favourable fixed cost incidence of about 50 bps due to
inventory accretion.
Page | 5
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
These were the positive factors. They were partially offset by some adverse factors. The adverse
commodity prices of about 80 bps. higher new model expenses of about 60 bps. The other
expenses were higher by 20 bps, largely on account of some lumpiness and seasonality
associated with other expenses in CSR, R&D, etc. Furthermore, at the PAT level, at the net profit
level, the hardening of bond yields resulted in mark-to-market impact of approximately INR7.5
billion on our invested surplus.
I now come to the highlights of the full year '25-26. The company recorded highest ever annual
sales volume, net sales and net profit. The company sold a total of 2,422,713 units in financial
year '25-26, compared to 2,234,266 units in the previous year. The company registered record
net sales of over INR1.74 trillion in financial year '25-26, a growth of 20.2% over the previous
year. The company achieved its all-time high net profit of over INR144.4 billion in financial
year '25-26 compared to net profit of about INR142.9 billion in the previous year.
Along with profits come dividends. The Board of Directors recommended its highest ever
dividend of INR 140 per share of the face value of INR 5 per share compared to INR135 per
share in the previous year.
With that, ladies and gentlemen, we are now ready to take your questions, your feedback and
any other observations that you may have. Thank you.
Moderator: Our first question comes from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America.
Gunjan Prithyani: My first question is on the cost headwinds and thanks for giving that margin bridge. Can you
just give us more color on how do we think about incremental cost headwinds? You mentioned
it was 80 basis points in quarter 4. But looking at where the commodities are and the steel
repricing that is due, how should we think about the cost headwinds going into the next 1 or 2
quarters? And maybe what are the mitigating factors that we are working through to make sure
that the margins remain in a range? Or maybe you just give us some guidance on how do we
think about margins?
Rahul Bharti: Thanks, Gunjan. So though you asked only about margin, but I'll speak about both demand
scenario and margins because just now we had a press conference along with our Chairman. One
thing that he mentioned was that fortunately, the impact does not seem to be much. The demand
sentiment seems to be good. Margins, of course, some prices like commodity, energy, gas prices
do go up in such times, which is possible to understand.
But we've been seeing commodity changes in the past also. And we also believe that once the
West Asia crisis is over, many of these cost pressures would ease. So yes, there is some pressure,
but we are taking it as part of regular business.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay. Do we see a similar sort of cost headwind going into quarter 1 as well, 80 basis points
was what we took in quarter 4. So, I'm just trying to understand while these are temporary and
would get normalized, any sense that you can give? And is there a mitigating action like
discounts are coming down, any pricing move that can help you offset the commodity impact?
Page | 6
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
Rahul Bharti: A lot of mitigation actions are in progress. In fact, that management spends a lot of time on this.
First, we have to ensure that there is no disruption in our production operations. So, whether it
is gas supplies or alternate fuels, etc., and arranging them from the lowest possible source,
diversifying our portfolio. Second, fortunately, the demand scenario is good. So, we have a focus
that our capacity utilization should also continue to be high.
We are fortunate today, we have pending orders, but we want that situation also to continue and
volume buoyancy should be good. That helps a lot. Of course, we are trying to arrange all the
commodities at the lowest possible cost, diversify our supply chain. So all those mitigating
factors continue. It will be difficult to put a number. But yes, in such a situation some cost
headwinds do come and it's part of business.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay. Got it. My second question is on the emission regulations now. I'm assuming the CAFE
norms what we've seen are near final version. Some sense on how are we thinking about the
CAFE norms? What does it mean in terms of the powertrain mix, particularly interested in
understanding what is the EV salience that we need in the block of 3 years or 2 years, the way
CAFE norms define it. And recently, there's also a lot of noise around flex-fuels, E85. If you can
talk us through the readiness on this and what sort of portfolio cost impact, we see because of
flex-fuel. A bit more on the emission regulations?
Rahul Bharti: CAFE is an energy efficiency regulation. The final draft is yet to be notified. So it's not right to
make a premature commitment. But whatever we have seen till now seems to have a good
balance across multiple powertrain technologies to reduce CO2 emissions.
So they have encouraged all technologies, which is a positive. And it's showing in the current
war, where biofuels like Compressed Biogas or ethanol are coming to the rescue when crude oil
imports come under pressure. I should also tell you that Maruti Suzuki models are inherently far
more efficient than any in its peer group.
And if you compare any like-to-like model, we would be about 20% more efficient. So that way
the company is always positioned from a technology perspective positively for energy
efficiency. Your next question was on flex-fuel. We have the technology, whether it is for
ethanol blending increase or for flex-fuel vehicles. We have the technology and we'll support
the government whenever the need arises.
Gunjan Prithyani: What can be the cost increase because of flex-fuel for upgrading the engine or complement
change, any present idea around that?
Rahul Bharti: First of all, let me tell you, there are two distinct movements happening in ethanol. One is all
cars on the road, which is something like we are talking about sales of about 5 million cars a
year or all the car parc, which is over 4 crore cars in the population. The government is thinking
of increasing the minimum blending from E20 to E21, E22 something like that or maybe till all
the way up to E25. That is one clear action.
The other clear action is launching models that can take any blend of ethanol and gasoline from
0 to 100. The second one won't be a meaningful volume by number as of now because of
unavailability of such models and also we need dispensing pumps in the country that will span
Page | 7
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
the entire network. We need more models. We need parity between ethanol and petrol price. So
all those factors will take some time for flex-fuels to develop. So it is like a futuristic plan. The
volumes will be minimal at this stage. It will grow, say, 5 years to 10 years from now, it will
become a meaningful volume, nothing immediately. So it does not affect our cost structure.
Gunjan Prithyani: Okay. Got it. I will join back the queue. Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman
Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my question. My first question is around the growth
outlook for the domestic passenger vehicle industry and what you think could be the growth
outlook on exports just given how the macro seems to be evolving. I think in the SIAM Looking
Ahead Conclave, 3 months back, the industry had thought that passenger vehicles should be able
to grow between 5% to 7% in FY27, but the macro seems to have changed. But you did mention
that the demand remains to be pretty good. There's not been much impact. So I just want to
understand how you're thinking about industry growth, both domestic and export for FY27?
Rahul Bharti: Our Chairman just mentioned that this time we would be thinking of utilizing our new plants.
Obviously, the two new plants that come up with a steady-state total capacity of 500,000 units,
will need a ramp-up. Effectively, one can expect that we'll have an additional volume of about
250,000 cars available this year over the previous year. The broad expectation, which our
Chairman also conveyed, is growth of over 10% this year as compared to the last year. And, of
course, the situation is dynamic. This is the initial expectation.
Chandramouli Muthiah: Second question is around capacity. You mentioned that there will be 250,000 units of additional
capacity coming on board in Gujarat later this fiscal?
Rahul Bharti: One in Haryana, the other in Gujarat.
Chandramouli Muthiah: Yes. So just related to that, last year when you had put the first Greenfield in Kharkhoda, there
was, I think, cumulative 60 basis points of start-up costs because you had to build up utilization
over a period of time. But at this stage, it looks like you do have good visibility around demand.
So just want to understand if there will be any start-up costs to be expected in these brownfield
capacity additions that you're doing in Kharkhoda and in Gujarat.
Arnab Roy: There will be some ramp-up definitely for the Kharkhoda Phase 2 plant, but we do not expect
anything significant because as Rahul explained, the demand outlook looks good, and economies
of scale should be able to broadly take care of the start-up cost. So we don't expect anything
significant. If anything, the demand outlook stays positive. Of course, we'll have to keep
monitoring the macro environment and the other variables factors.
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. And last question, just bookkeeping questions around the other income
outlook. So it looks like you had a INR750 crores mark-to-market notional impact on other
income this quarter. If bond yields were to remain constant, do you think this completely reverses
next quarter? And also just the other bookkeeping questions are around export revenue and the
retail number, Maruti's retail number for the quarter?
Page | 8
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
Arnab Roy: Yes. First, let me answer your mark-to-market question. I think others will also have this
question. So overall, if you see because of the hardening of the interest rates and when we talk
about hardening of interest rates in our portfolio, there are several kind of benchmark rates,
which have a weighted average impact, whether it is the 1-year G-Sec or the 1-year corporate
bond or the commercial paper.
But on a blended basis, if one looks at it, we had almost a 46 bps impact this quarter. And this
46 bps translates to about INR750 crores hit in the quarter sequentially.
If you compare on a Y-o-Y basis, there is INR 1,075 crores hit, so which is quite significant.
That's the reason you see the other income quite significantly down when you are comparing the
PBT of this year versus last year on a full year basis. So, this is something which you have to
keep in mind.
As of yesterday, some amount of reversal has already happened. Roughly about 35% of this is
already reversed, and this is an everyday moving number. So we'll have to keep monitoring it.
That's on the mark-to-market roughly. In terms of our overall credit quality, I think our credit
quality remains very robust. And I think we are at more than 99.5% AAA-rated security. So that
remains quite robust.
So the long term, it is completely secured. Short term, of course, we are exposed to the interest
rate changes because of the macroeconomic environment. Your second question was on exports,
right?
Rahul Bharti: Exports revenue is about $1.24 billion for the quarter.
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. And just the retail numbers, Maruti's retail volume number for the quarter. I think last
year, fourth quarter, we did 430,000 units, this year what the retail number is for fourth quarter?
Rahul Bharti: Last year, which is the figure you have?
Chandramouli Muthiah: 430,000 units for fourth quarter, MSIL domestic retail.
Rahul Bharti: It was 415,000 units. This was for last year fourth quarter. This year, fourth quarter was 468,700
units approximately. So, there's a 12.9% year-on-year growth in the quarter in retail sales.
Chandramouli Muthiah: Makes sense. Thank you very much and all the best.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research.
Please go ahead.
Raghunandhan NL: Good evening, team. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, if you can indicate growth or
the share for rural urban in FY26? And also, if you can talk about the trends for first-time
replacement additional buyers for full year FY26?
Rahul Bharti: It is a very hard to draw a line between urban and rural because the boundaries are blurring now.
And it's a very heartening thing that the rural India is integrating with the urban India. So the
consumption trends which were earlier associated with urban India are now being seen in rural
Page | 9
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
India. So, we don't monitor that figure anymore. But of course, we keep the distribution network
as extensive as possible.
Raghunandhan NL: Noted, sir. And how are you seeing the trend in the first-time buyers and the share increase?
Rahul Bharti: Happy to share that the first-time buyer is about 51% in Q4 FY26. 18% is about replacement
buyer and 31% are additional car buyers.
Raghunandhan NL: And how has the share increased, sir? How should we look at it? How has the share of first-time
buyers increased in comparison to pre-GST cut?
Rahul Bharti: H1FY26 was about 42%. Q3FY26 was at 48% and Q4FY26 at 51%. It is a very clear signal that
the government's intended support to the first-time buyer is showing results.
Raghunandhan NL: Got it sir. Thanks for sharing this. And this also aligns with that 130,000 small car orders, which
you mentioned is pending. Just a bookkeeping question for Q4FY26. Can you share the blended
discounts number for Q4FY26?
Rahul Bharti: What we can share with you is that EBIT margin has expanded by about 50 bps on account of
lower discounts in the quarter sequentially.
Raghunandhan NL: Got it sir. Thank you very much.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go
ahead.
Kumar Rakesh: Hi. Good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first question was for fiscal year’26-
27, the model launch plan that we have. I can understand that you are not speaking specifically
about the models. But if you can give some sense on how many new nameplate addition and
model refreshes you are targeting across ICE and separately for EV?
Rahul Bharti: We have a healthy product line-up, and we'll keep our customers enthralled. We need to improve
our market share. But we'll keep the excitement also on. So, across categories, we will have new
models. We have spoken about 7 more SUVs all the way through the end of the decade. So let
the excitement continue.
Kumar Rakesh: Sure. But can we imply that going by that run rate, we should be having one new nameplate at
the end of the year? Is that a fair expectation?
Rahul Bharti: See, a model development is about 4 years lead time. So it's not necessary that we space it out
equally all the time. There may be lumpiness around it. But there are 7 SUVs and other models
planned till the end of the decade.
Kumar Rakesh: Got it. And on the EV side, e VITARA now is launched in the domestic market as well. I
understand earlier you had indicated the aspiration to become the largest EV manufacturer in the
country, which would include export as well. But how is the product doing in the domestic
market? And what's your aspiration for the domestic market in the EV space?
Page | 10
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
Rahul Bharti: Thanks for that question. In fact, in my opening message, I mentioned that we are happy that
wherever we have sold that car, the customers are very happy. This is both in India and in our
export markets. So that bodes well. Currently, we are constrained by production capacity.
Soon this year, when our fourth plant in Gujarat comes up and there's a gradual ramp-up, we'll
keep increasing our supplies. We are also targeting that the customers to whom we deliver these
cars and we fit home chargers, etc., they should be totally satisfied and delighted customers. So,
till the time we have lower numbers, at least we should focus on 100% customer delight.
Kumar Rakesh: Got it. Just one final question on the margin side. I understand you spoke about that there are a
lot of moving parts to the margin and things are dynamic. But once we have passed through the
Middle East conflict and part of it getting reversed and we potentially taking some price increase
as well, in a quarter or 2, we should get back on a trajectory of margin expansion and potentially
in the direction of 10% EBIT margin, which we have targeted to reach by 2030. Is that a fair
expectation?
Rahul Bharti: So it's always difficult to give out a guidance on margins. But what I can tell you is the quarter
4 FY26 EBIT margin was in line with estimate. As you rightly said, there are many moving
parts.
And I would also add to that, that the market leader has the privilege of having multiple moving
parts, multiple levers to help margins. So we are very confident and optimistic that subject to
these headwinds of the war, the commodities and the energy prices, after that is over, we'll come
back to a healthy trajectory.
Kumar Rakesh: Thanks a lot.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi. Please go ahead.
Arvind Sharma: Thank you, sir, for taking my question. First would be on a Q-o-Q basis, ASPs have increased a
fair bit. How sustainable it is? And what are the drivers for this ASP increase quarter-on-quarter
basis?
Rahul Bharti: We do believe that there is still headroom for ASP because of the upper segment models.
Arvind Sharma: From the fourth quarter level as well?
Rahul Bharti: Yes. For example, EVs have to increase in the future. So that will help ASPs.
Arvind Sharma: Sure. And on the balance sheet, just 2 points. What is the capex plan for these 2 expansions for
FY '27? And also just saw that the inventory was fairly high at this year-end. Any specific reason
for that?
Arnab Roy: Overall, on the capex for FY 26-27, we are looking at a INR14,000 crores capex for the full
year. On the inventory, no, I don't think we have a significant increase. If you look at the total
network stock, I think we are at a fairly good level. We are much lower than the industry in
terms of our overall network stock.
Page | 11
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
Arvind Sharma: I meant the inventory in the balance sheet.
Arnab Roy: There will be always small timing issues, but let me just quickly see that once.
Rahul Bharti: So we'll come back on this while he has a look on the inventory. We can have the next question.
Arvind Sharma: Sure. Thanks so much.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Hiranandani from PhillipCapital. Please
go ahead.
Amit Hiranandani: Yes, thanks team for the opportunity and congrats for a reasonable set of numbers despite the
input cost pressures and other challenges. Sir, my first question, wanted to just to reconfirm that
you said the domestic PV industry to grow by 10%. So are we right in understanding this?
Rahul Bharti: No, no. We are speaking about Maruti, not the domestic PV industry. We are talking about
Maruti Suzuki expectation.
Amit Hiranandani: Understood. That's clear. And sir, secondly, on the export situation. So what are our plans to
deal with the present export situation?
Rahul Bharti: If you can help me predict the war, I can predict the export number. So we are in a healthy
position. We have built a good franchise across countries. We are on a steep ramp-up path. And
we want to have at least the last year numbers. But then there is so much of uncertainty that it's
not responsible to give out a figure.
Amit Hiranandani: All right. Thank you, sir. All the best.
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today.
Rahul Bharti: Sorry, there was one question which needs to be addressed.
Arnab Roy: So let me come back on the earlier inventory question before we close. It's a combination of
predominantly various raw material and work in progress, not too much on the finished good
side of it because I mean the production in the coming period has a quite steep outlook.
So, there are a bunch of goods in transit in there, kind of a stock which is needed for the
production for the coming period because as you know, we are ramping up the capacity in the
coming 2 quarters, a lot of preparatory work had to be done, so which is predominantly the
composition of the inventory.
Moderator: Thank you. With that, ladies and gentlemen, it brings our conference call to an end. On behalf
of Maruti Suzuki India Limited, we thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your
lines.
Page | 12
MSIL Conference Call Transcript April 28, 2026
